Update doc to `–client-cert-auth`: it's recommended to enable this flag to avoid abuse of http2 for unauthenticated clients (#743)
etcd-io/website: content/en/docs/v3.4/op-guide/configuration.md

+ Enable client cert authentication.
+ default: false
+ env variable: ETCD_CLIENT_CERT_AUTH

> + CN authentication is not supported by gRPC-gateway. Note if etcd is running as a public service, it's recommended to enable client cert authentication to avoid abuse of http2 for unauthenticated clients.

Reviewer: Not sure about wording "public service". I think this is more about endpoint availability within a network. Even if the network is trusted, there is a risk that attacker will penetrate it.

```suggestion
+ CN authentication is not supported by gRPC-gateway. Note that running etcd without client cert authentication expose its endpoint to http2 protocol abuse from unauthenticated clients (CVE-2023-44487).
```

Author: Running etcd as a public service definitely is more vulnerable the the CVE. 

Updated anyway & thx.
